Quick Motor Setup Guide (#146)
enactic/openarm: website/docs/software/setup-guide/motor-calibrate-partguide.md

# Motor Setup Quick Partial Guide
Excerpted from: https://wiki.seeedstudio.com/damiao_series/

In Windows:  
Download the [Damiao Debugging Tools](https://files.seeedstudio.com/wiki/robotics/Actuator/damiao/Debugging_Tools_v.1.6.8.8.exe)  
  
<img width="241" height="46" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/c47076fa-39b6-4647-bb1d-3ac0653b70db" />  

If Windows Defender Blocks It:  
Head to Windows Security -> Virus & Threat Protection -> Protection History -> Select this file -> Actions -> Allow  

Running it should open a window like so:  
<img width="624" height="506" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/25991adf-1779-4394-bde4-5a1c10e13b41" />  
Toggle English with the green/red toggle button at the bottom left

> The tool will be mainly used for two tasks:  
> Configuring IDs + quick calibrate to test if the motor runs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The tool will be mainly used for three tasks:  
1. Configuring IDs
2. Quick calibrate to test if the motor runs
3. Firmware version and control mode check before sending commands
```
```suggestion
The tool will be mainly used for two tasks:  
Configuring IDs + quick calibrate to test if the motor runs
```
